All right guys so we're almost ready to start learning how to learn each team LCROSS build Web sites.
But before we do that we need a couple things.
What's good about learning each team on C assesses it doesn't take much to get started.
If you're learning a more complex language like let's say peach PEA or Python or something like that
usually you'll need to install a web server locally so that you can develop on your local machine.
And that takes a lot more work.
Some languages even need to be compiled and you need something called an IDC.
But with each team LCROSS we can simply click on an each team Al file and run it in a browser.
We can also edit it with a text editor.
So those are the two things we need as a browser and a text editor.
Now it doesn't matter what operating system you're on if you're using Windows Mac Linux you can see
I'm on a Mac.
But everything we do in this course.
It doesn't matter what you're on and if there is something little that specific to Windows I will mention
it for you guys that are using Windows.
Now your system comes with a browser and a text editor.
So for windows you have for instance edge and notepad for Mac.
You have safari and text edit but these are not good for web development especially the text editors
for a browser I would definitely recommend Google Chrome it's it's the most popular in the web development
community.
It's very fast.
It's fast to a to adapt new features and CSX javascript and so on.
It also has really great development tools second to to Chrome I would say Firefox as far as a text
editor you don't want to use Notepad or anything like that because there's no features there's no syntax
highlighting anything like that.
There's a lot of choices but what I would recommend and what I'm going to use is visual studio code
and I use this for everything I don't just use it for each team LCROSS.
I also use it for AP HP Javascript Python any language that I work with because it's just very fast
it's intuitive has a lot of features it has great extensions and it's just all around it's just a great
editor.
So that's what we'll be using.
I don't have it installed so I'm going to go ahead and download it and it's available for Windows Mac
or Linux doesn't matter what system you're on.
So on a Mac it's just going to give me the zip file.
I'll go ahead and open it up or unpacking it and you can see I have my icon here and I'm just going
to bring it to my applications folder.
OK so once it's in there I can open it up.
I'm actually going to drag it down to my bar which you guys can't see.
Just so I can easily access it and then I'll go ahead and open it.
So when you first open up this code you'll see a welcome page.
It'll give you some options like open up a file open a folder you'll show your recent projects and the
only reason I have recent projects is because I already had VSO code installed.
I just uninstalled it for this course.
If also over here if you want to change your theme.
So if I click color theme it will open up this which is the command palette and I for instance we could
change it to a light theme and you can kind of experiment with these a little bit.
I'm just gonna keep the regular dark theme like that.
So let's close this welcome page up and head over to the side bar.
So this first icon here is your your file explorer.
So when you have a Web site or a web application it's gonna be in a folder and you're going to want
to open that folder so that you can see the files and access them easily.
So I actually have a folder that is on my desktop that I'm going to open called Split landing page which
is just a very simple web site with some javascript and HDMI LCROSS.
So I'm gonna open that and you'll see that I have the files over here.
So we have one HD him file.
We have a CSX file for styling and then we have a javascript file and when I just click them once I
notice that they just open and they just stay in this one tab and then it kind of closes when I click
on the next one.
If I double click it'll stay.
So if I go click on the next file notice that the.
Each team will index each team l stayed there.
OK if I double click this one it'll stay there and then I can just close them up.
OK and we'll be working in the file explorer quite a bit.
So the next thing I want to show you is the settings.
Now this this text right here is way too small especially for doing a course.
You guys probably can barely read this.
So to get to the settings you can go to this little gear and you can go to settings or you can do control
karma on an on a Windows machine or command karma on a Mac and that will also bring you to the settings
as we go along here.
I'm going to be teaching you guys some of the keyboard shortcuts because e your your workflow really
speeds up when you learn shortcuts and when we write our code our each team LCROSS I'm going to teach
you some shortcuts to navigate around really easily as well.
So what I want to change is the font size which is actually right here Ed font size but if I couldn't
find this I could just search for it up here so I could say font size and you can see now it's at the
top here it's 14 pixels by default.
So I want to change it to twenty six and that should take effect right away.
The only other setting I want to change is my tab space.
So if I type in tab spaces the default is for and what this means is the number of spaces that it indents
when you hit tab.
OK.
Because in each team L and in most languages you're going to have you're going to indent to organize
your code but for is a little too much for me I like to keep it at two.
So going to change that to two and that should save right away.
So let's close up the settings and now if I go back to let's say index each team l notice the font is
much bigger.
OK.
And a tab now is two spaces as opposed to four.
So the last thing I want to do is just go over these other icons.
This one is just to search if you want to search within the page you can also replace.
This is for version control with a get.
We're not going to get into that right now.
This is a debugger for programming languages like Python javascript and so on.
Also something we're not going to get into.
But this one right here the last one is your extensions K so you can extend the functionality of V.S.
code with a whole bunch of extensions and we don't have any installed right now but it does show some
of the popular ones shows us some of the recommended recommendations.
If you want to search you can search like let's say we're using P HP if we want to search for p p extensions
like this one right here and tell essence and if we click on that it'll show us a bunch of documentation
and examples.
Basically this gives you some p p drop downs as you can see right here if we wanted to install this
we could just click the green install button and it would simply get installed.
And if I make this a little bigger you can see the number of downloads you can see this one has five
point seven million downloads and a rating of three point five.
Case you see the number of downloads as well as the ratings.
And I do have a couple extensions that I want to install later but I don't want to get into that right
now.
All right.
So now that you have these codes set up in the next section we're going to jump in and we're going to
start to learn HDL.